StorkBlock 

defines the Blocks generated by the StorkNet along with companion functions used in the generation of blocks.

The CRUD operations for data handling are also defined in this contract

StorkBlockGenerator 

This is the block generation factory that uses the other contracts to accept a new contract from the miners, analyze its content and append to a block if it passes the checks. To prevent synchronous issues with the StorkDB (DataStore) we perform all the updates on a shadow copy based on the operation and then commit it to the main StorkDB.

the block is packaged once the DB operations are completed after which the PoSt is run to produce challenges and hashes of the operations along with an elected validator. 

OraclePoSt 

The consensus contract, it takes in the transactions from the validators and packs them into a block for execution.
Each time a Tx is added to a block by a validator it's counter is raised, this is to make sure that transactions that have a minimum frequency make it through.
It also generates a challenge as a hash created from the list of block validators.

Request Handler 

This contract is similar to oracle post except it runs asynchronous so that we don't starve the client for data.

ZKTransaction 

This generates the transaction hashes so as to prove to a user that a particular transaction in a proven block was executed in the right way. For now it only runs on hashes and doesn't have a ZK Circuit Built. 

DataStore 

This handles reading, writing, deleting, and updating data. For now it is stored on a onchain mapping of bytes however that can be extended to use an offchain storage such as IPFS or mongoDB or anything else. 

